The Joe Rogan experience. How did it laptop?
How did this laptop become this big store? That's where it gets tricky. Yeah.
I'm curious because supposedly he dropped it off at a
top repair shop in Delaware. I mean, who's well crack head, right? Right.
The guys smoking crack, keep forgetting. He smokes crack. Well,
he did at the time, he apparently kicked it. So congratulations to him.
But the guy who had some.
Problems with this is self admitted.
And they have the receipts and here's the thing. He calls him dozens of times,
everybody knows what you bring a laptop or anything. And they say,
if you don't pay for this, we're going to wipe it and sell it.
And so three months goes by six months, goes by. Nobody ever comes against it.
The guy goes to look at it at the repair, shop the owner.
And there's all these 25,000 files.
What looks like underage girls and all the rest of this crazy stuff.
And him smoking crack, or God knows what he gives her. The FBI Ray does nothing.
The director hides it from Trump.
And so people let's just say inside that had copies of that,
they leak it to Rudolph Giuliani, who then now has started to put it out.
So instead of sort of facing up to it, they just say anyone promoting this,
whether it's the house or Senate committees that were linking to it or the New
York post or the president's press secretary, you're now banned, which again,
shows it's it's election meddling. It's gatekeeping to cover this up,
but I'll tell you what else has come out now. His daughter Biden's daughters,
uh, purportedly reportedly, and they've not denied it. Now,
this broke three days ago, left her diary in a house that she had rented.
And the diary talks about all the same stuff and everything.
So.
Is wrong with jump in, hold on us the whole way. When I was looking.
Into this, the thing I keep seeing people say is that he lived.
In California, in California at the time. That is true. That's what I keep.
Reading. They fly back and forth to Delaware, jet setters. They fly to Ukraine.
And that also.
Might make sense that that's why he didn't go back to Delaware to pick up the
laptop. Because when you're cracked out in California,
it's really hard to make the flight.
Right. Tim is the.
Only one here who's got confirms. They have the lights on to confirm.
It's not an easy flight coming down off cocaine or crack.
Yeah. Have you smoked crack or you freebase cocaine,
which is basically the stats close. How close is it?
Not, not as close as where I ever went and made shady deals in the Ukraine.
Well, that's never done that. That's in the emails finally where it's like,
yeah, 30 million part of it goes to the big guy. They're like, okay,
we want to meet with your dad.
And there's photos of them meeting and playing golf. So let me tell you,
this is real. The FBI has the files. They admit it's real. It's.
A big deal, but it's a real problem to ban this stuff from Twitter,
hootin rejects Donald Trump's criticism of Biden family business. Well,
because it's, Russia's bribing hunter Biden.
Repriced 5 million through through Putin,
through the Moscow mayor who he's friends with 200 Biden again. Well,
if I was Putin, I would deny it too. Listen, Putin has got to this. If I.
Was Putin sitting back watching these people,
eat themselves alive and destroy the first amendment destroyed democracy.
And I'm sure they have a hand in it. I'm sure China has an hand in it.
I'm sure Iran has a hand.
This is what the intelligence communities have been telling us for a long time
now is that it's not just one foreign company or foreign country.
That's trying to with our democracy.
The idea that the Russians have a monopoly on this now. I mean,
the Russians were an NFL football team.
They'd be like the lower third and by the U S and China at the top. And.
We should say, we should say the United States does it too. Shorts,
a hundred percent confirmed. You know.
The idea that Russians got Trump in his asinine because here's what happens.
Notice they tried to impeach Trump just nine months ago for Stephan Ukraine
because whatever they are worried about they project. Okay?
So Trump doesn't have Russia connections. Trump doesn't have those connections.
Trump doesn't have those outside connections. You can't buy him.
He doesn't have lobbyists.
The problem is he then has family and people around him that basically become
lobbyists for themselves. And Trump isn't really even aware of it.
And then that's going on. And I mean,
even junior aides now you'll find out how people giving them millions of
dollars. You just to say something to the president is this standard.
Is this just standard? How politics have always been done?
It's just now we're seeing it.
Well, it was standard.
Let's say 200 years ago that you'd go out for the Y for the brother or,
or somebody who works at the lighthouse.
It got organized last a hundred years with lobbyist.
Trump literally cut the lobbyist off,
but all it did was now make everyone around him,
a lobbyist they're not officially a lobbyist. How did he cut the lobbyists off?
He just stopped meeting with them and stopped and just said,
I want briefings on what's going on, on all the side.
So that's why he official Washington off, not these even perfect,
but that he actually became the president for making decisions himself instead
of having consortium's and lobbyists pay him for policy. That's why he says,
Biden's raise more money than me.
Of course I can call up all these companies they'll give me any money I want,
but I got to do what they say.
But it would put him in a compromised position. Yes.
But I'm being honest about it.
The vacuum and the blind spot is that then everyone
around him in his cabinet and everyone that works there,
even down to mid-level people are now getting multi-million dollar contracts for
companies like at and T and stuff. Just to, just to just even mention something.
You said at and T this has been proven to the T T and T,
or are you just saying at and T like companies, like.
I'm not saying ATG is bad. I think, I think he's overall good.
Company, but is at and T doing something bad.
No, I just, I was mentioning that as a fortune 500.
Okay. But it's not 18 T no, it's not 18. So we shouldn't say that. See,
this is why you need someone. That's like a fact checker.
Right? Well, no, no. The slow down the media will say I'm wrong about that,
but okay. But no, no. Hold on his personal lawyer, his personal lawyer,
the one that ended up going to jail, actually, Michael Cohen,
Michael Cohen was getting money from at and T go ahead and pull up.
I was just trying to give you a gestalt.
Analysis. I, I, but I just want to, I've told you before,
what you really need on your show is like a legit journalist who's right next to
you with a laptop going Alex.
Hold on, hold on. Just slow down. But I think.
You're right about that because you get so much, right.
But when you get something wrong,
that's 18 T confirms it paid Trump lawyer. Michael Cohen's company.
Yeah, no, I remember that. See, Joe,
they're always saying that I'm making stuff they're lying right now.
Every once in a while, my memory that used to be photographic,
but from everything I've done, it's not as good as it used to be.
It moves really quick. Okay. So when I'm saying stuff, it's just data knowledge.
Okay. And then I can like, okay. Yeah. Did I say that? Yeah, it's real.
Check it out, but I'm not trying to make stuff up. 99% of the time.
Here it is at and T confirm Tuesday evening that paid president Trump's personal
lawyer, Michael Cohen in 2017 for in quotes insights,
into understanding the new administration insights.
I love that. Um, so how much do they pay him?
200,000 bucks in four separate payments of 50 bucks in late 2017,
early 2018 interest.
But he got paid.
I think the number was 10 million total from a handful of companies.
Shady.
Look, [inaudible] alleged that essential consultants,
a shell company set up by Cohen before the election to pay stormy Daniels was
paid by several corporations,
including a T and T at the time at and T was seeking government approval for its
acquisition of time Warner CNN's parent company merger.
Yeah, but I'm telling you at,
and T is a sweetheart compared to Google and Facebook and Twitter and all these
people. So I wasn't attacking them.
I was giving the example of how everyone in his entourage becomes a lobbyist
because he thinks I'll just cut lobbyist off. He's not taking any money,
but then everyone around him becomes a lobbyists. That's what he said.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere. But after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking is go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.